Matt Huss III: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello there, stranger.
Hey,
Matt Huss III: Good. I
Matt Huss III: Did I miss last week.
Matt Huss III: We haven't talked. I feel like we haven't talked in a while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We haven't
Matt Huss III: I'm so sorry about that. It's where were selling the house.
Matt Huss III: To before we listed. It has to be completely empty. So we're having an estate sale because we're not moving any furniture or anything.
Matt Huss III: So we're trying to get rid of everything. Um, so it's been nuts, trying to pack.
Matt Huss III: Things and
Matt Huss III: Get everything set up for. Have you ever had an estate sale.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. But I've been to one. So I totally get it.
Matt Huss III: It's, it's unbelievable what
Matt Huss III: What you have to do to set it up for one. It's crazy.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is. It's a lot of work.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah. I actually
Matt Huss III: Missed
Matt Huss III: A paper that was due because of how much work.
Matt Huss III: This whole thing is
Matt Huss III: Oh, wow. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not good.
No, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you make it up or did you just take a loss.
Matt Huss III: I am going to write it tonight, um, after I get off the phone with you. I'm going to start and write it and hopefully he accepts it but
Matt Huss III: At the beginning of class. He says he doesn't accept late papers so
Matt Huss III: I guess we'll see and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How have things been going, besides being busy with an estate sale and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, how has everything else been going
Matt Huss III: Okay. Um, I went on a date last night.
Matt Huss III: Wait, yeah.
Matt Huss III: And, um, it was, it was good. It was fun.
Matt Huss III: And I was, I was a nervous wreck my anxiety was like through the roof. But I think she's a lot older than her profile says, and her pictures.
Matt Huss III: So once I saw our icon. I was like I calm down. I'm like, I whatever I just have, you know,
Matt Huss III: Hang out, you know,
Matt Huss III: Talk and
Matt Huss III: Be friends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you have fun.
Matt Huss III: Yeah yeah yeah it's a good time. We went to this place called the salt yard, um, which is pretty cool because they have like these basketball games and foosball and all these different kinds of little games. So it was it was good time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Are you planning on meeting up with her again.
Matt Huss III: I know she wants to, but I don't. I mean I have to make it clear to her that if we do, it's going to be just as friends. You know, which I kind of feel bad about but
Matt Huss III: I'm that's kind of her fault for misleading.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you say that she's older like how much older. Do you think VEGGIE IS
Matt Huss III: A good amount, you know,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, like to tool. I mean, definitely.
Matt Huss III: Like her pictures and she said she's 36 and I'm 33 and I was like, Oh, I was okay with that. And our picture she was. I'm like, Okay, I've never dated actually anyone older than me ever
Matt Huss III: But I want to now because I actually want to be with somebody who is
Matt Huss III: You know actually challenges me and who I can actually talk to and
Matt Huss III: You know, not just some dumb little girl, you know, um, but anyways. Um,
Matt Huss III: She. She looked like she was probably in her 40s and, you know, and it just, I just, you know, I feel bad. I was I was attracted to her in her pictures. But when I saw our then I wasn't any more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bad
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you happen to mention or asked her how
Matt Huss III: I did and she, she says.
Matt Huss III: She's she
Matt Huss III: Like kept the story. She's 36 and stuff. And I'm like, I almost asked how old the pictures were
Matt Huss III: But I didn't want to like offender, you know,
Well, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you had a good time and you put yourself out there.
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you got to give yourself credit for that. Right. Yeah, definitely. It's not always going to work.
Matt Huss III: I just know definitely
Matt Huss III: For the first for being the first time you know it's actually probably better that it happened that way.
Matt Huss III: You know, so
Matt Huss III: I wasn't under any pressure, you know, the whole time. It was just, you know, I was just able to be me and you know, have a good time.
Matt Huss III: Good, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. And, you know, especially getting ready to move
Matt Huss III: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you got to think about that, too. It's not definitely not the time to spark up any kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No relationship that would make it tough.
Matt Huss III: Definitely, definitely not. And yeah, and really the only reason I'm still doing it is just for
Matt Huss III: Practice and to have some kind of social interaction or some kind of something that's not you know school or reading, writing, or
Matt Huss III: Working in the house, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so, which is good. So how's everything going with your roommate.
Matt Huss III: Good, actually. Well, I was good because
Matt Huss III: You know,
Matt Huss III: It's just been constantly packing, you know, and cleaning and, you know, and we've had, we have
Matt Huss III: We've been having a kid over, um, who is unemployed.
Matt Huss III: But it is you know does side jobs here and there.
Matt Huss III: You know, so we we have this kid over and then then we have this guy who actually does estate sales for living.
Matt Huss III: And he comes and helps us set up and stuff and
Matt Huss III: But yeah, things have been good, but probably because you know that's
Matt Huss III: Always been doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He focusing on the same thing. You guys have the same goals right now.
Matt Huss III: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So do you guys have a place in Florida that you're going to
Matt Huss III: Well, my, my mom.
Matt Huss III: You know who who my mom when I moved to Florida. My mom and stepdad actually followed me down like a year or two later.
Matt Huss III: I mean, I'm
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: And well, and they ended up getting divorced. And so her and her boyfriend have a house.
Matt Huss III: Where my daughter's living right now.
Matt Huss III: Actually like I
Matt Huss III: Think I mentioned that
Yeah.
Matt Huss III: And there's two extra bedrooms. So me and my dad are done it stay there until we find a place for me him and my daughter.
Matt Huss III: Or
Matt Huss III: I'm hopefully maybe I can figure out something where it could be just medium my water, but we'll see.
Matt Huss III: Maybe not it that probably won't happen you know right off the bat. But eventually, you know,
Matt Huss III: At least. Yeah, at least I'll be living with my daughter again and be able to see my son every week or every other weekend, like I was again. So yeah, that'll be really nice. And I'm all, I'm already I'm already set up for school in Jacksonville, which will, where will be living is like
Matt Huss III: 30 minutes like 20 to 30 minutes to 40 minutes to Jacksonville. I don't know where the university is
Matt Huss III: Actually, um, but it won't be. It's not that far. It's probably basically the same as what we tried now to you and F. So,
Matt Huss III: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's good that's already set up in place and
Matt Huss III: Oh. Oh, and I did, I did actually bring up
Matt Huss III: The fact that I need to buy a vehicle you know as soon as I get Florida.
Matt Huss III: Because he's not going to be going to school, like I am anymore. This is his last semester know the reason I didn't need a vehicle right away is because we happened to be able to get our class schedules the same time.
Matt Huss III: So I just go with him and
Matt Huss III: Go back and then the wall. I had to take the bus home. The other day, but it's, yeah.
Matt Huss III: So, but once we get to Florida. I need to
Matt Huss III: To have a vehicle as soon as we get really yeah
Matt Huss III: So, so we did talk about that a little bit.
Matt Huss III: And the government took my tax refund again $2,000 this time. Well, it I let my mom claim my daughter. This time, as you know, because she's, she's been living there for about a year now and I've been here for about a year now and I only claim myself so
Matt Huss III: You know, I figured that would help her since she's been taking care of her.
Matt Huss III: But still, that the government was going to give me $2,000 back because of like
Matt Huss III: Look at how little income, I may and
Matt Huss III: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But going to school and
Matt Huss III: They yeah they ended up just like last last time last year they ended up taking more than $5,000 from me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Allows it
Matt Huss III: Ain't my daughter and I was getting $5,000 back last year and they took it off.
Matt Huss III: And it was because of student loans.
Matt Huss III: And they went into default because I wasn't able to pay for them when I was out of school like I was back in school. By the time
Matt Huss III: They took my taxes so
Matt Huss III: I don't understand why they took it again this year because I've been in school for a year.
Matt Huss III: Now, right. So I, you know, which means I'm not, I don't have to pay student loans, while I'm still in school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Matt Huss III: You know, they might be accumulating interest, but I don't actually have to pay monthly and they still took all my entire tax refund.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do you owe back child support for your son.
Matt Huss III: Yes, but
Matt Huss III: That's hasn't been an issue. I was paying it for a long time. When I first got here and I was
Matt Huss III: Working and you know before I relapsed again.
Matt Huss III: Uh, but then
Matt Huss III: I wasn't able to and I talked to her and she's, she's pretty cool about that. I mean, she's not
Matt Huss III: cool about it, she's angry about it but
Matt Huss III: She kind of
Matt Huss III: She at least understands enough not to go to court and say,
Matt Huss III: You know, I haven't gone out support so and and I and they actually sent me a letter saying why they took the money and it was for student loans.
Matt Huss III: So I know what student loans.
Matt Huss III: Just crazy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you gonna call them and dispute it.
Matt Huss III: Yeah. Well, yeah, but last time I did that it was, same thing. I tried to dispute it saying I'm in school. What the hell, and they're like, well, you can send a bunch of proof saying you actually need the money. And I'm like, okay, so I sent them a lease.
Matt Huss III: And a things saying that I was going to be evicted. If I didn't have the money, you know,
Matt Huss III: Because a lot of that.
Matt Huss III: Money was supposed to be supposed to go to rent and everything.
Matt Huss III: You know, I gave them my I gave him a ton of proof that
Matt Huss III: Saying it was I needed the money and nothing ever came of it.
Matt Huss III: I called them. And I'm like, look, I send you this proof. What happened, she's like, Oh, it's too late now. I'm like, well, I sent you it like a month ago. Why the hell would you know
Matt Huss III: It was a nightmare and it's
Matt Huss III: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: IRS is a nightmare. Yes, it is.
Matt Huss III: Actually, it's not even them. It's, um, the
Matt Huss III: The company that has taken over my student loans company called Navi and
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah. You've heard of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah.
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: They're. They're horrible, horrible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you call them.
Yeah.
Matt Huss III: They don't care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they don't care. They want their money, that's for sure. But
Matt Huss III: To know them anything now that I'm back in school.
Matt Huss III: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So did you claim the $5,000 that you paid towards your student loans on your taxes for this year.
Matt Huss III: No, I totally did not think about that.
Matt Huss III: Even even if I did, they probably they would have taken the 2000 anyway because I, oh, I still owe 30 $40,000. You know, I don't know how much it is, it's like it's in between 20 and 40 somewhere around there.
Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they're my carrier, too.
Matt Huss III: Yeah. So are they
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I mean, and the fact that I'm going to school to become a teacher means that I'm basically going to be
Matt Huss III: Poor and paying off student loans for the rest of my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it's my understanding that they're coming out with new programs that after you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A certain amount of time at that job that you're able to, like, and you're making payments on your student loans after a certain amount of time to wipe away the work. The rest of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if I'm not mistaken, and I teach her is one of the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Careers that you can do that with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to check into that but
Matt Huss III: That's that's
Matt Huss III: One of the biggest reasons why I'm such a huge supporter of
Matt Huss III: Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why
Matt Huss III: Because they want to wipe away. Everyone student loan debts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh God, please do.
Matt Huss III: But no, I didn't buy in is going to be the nominee, so
Matt Huss III: I Joe Biden.
Matt Huss III: Obama's Vice President.
Matt Huss III: Oh, he's going to end up getting the Democratic nominee against Trump for 2020 elections so doesn't matter. It's not gonna happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Students
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't keep up with
The politics.
Matt Huss III: Well, I do.
Matt Huss III: I go through phases I where I'm like, completely obsessed and I watch every day. But then it gets
Matt Huss III: It pisses me off so bad, where I'll listen to it in the morning, and I'll be in a bad mood, the entire day. So I'll go through phases where I'll stop and not pay any attention at all.
Matt Huss III: But with the elections coming up are you know paying attention, just because they all move to Canada. If Trump is
Matt Huss III: In office again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know what's gonna happen there definitely any, uh, how you, how have you been handling the stress around this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Virus that's going on.
Matt Huss III: It hasn't
Matt Huss III: Worried I haven't even been thinking about it. Honestly, I'm
Good.
Matt Huss III: Because you know yeah I don't want it, but
Matt Huss III: You know, it's
Matt Huss III: It's even if I get it. It's not gonna be, it's gonna be like
Matt Huss III: I'm not gonna die or
Matt Huss III: Be hospitalized or anything from it. You know, so I'm not too worried
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. I've been getting mixed remarks on it worse. You know, it's really stressing some people out and other people are like, yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: And then the much so, where there's only like six cases.
Matt Huss III: I'm moving to somewhere where there's like hundreds of cases. I know.
Matt Huss III: People have died actually from it already, where I'm going.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that it is just kind of like you just gotta wash your hands and make sure that you're careful and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Matt Huss III: That's what
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I've been trying to wash my hands as much as possible, but
Matt Huss III: That's, yeah, that's about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how's everything else been going on, you've been doing okay anxieties been okay you've just been you seem to be in a really good space right now.
Matt Huss III: Yeah yeah yeah
Matt Huss III: I've been working all day. So that's probably why.
Matt Huss III: It's very hard for me to do any kind of physical activity because I mean even getting dressed like putting my shoes on bending over once my lower back feels like there's a knife in my spine.
Matt Huss III: For some don't know why, but it's been like that ever since I quit using and, you know, so any kind of physical labor. After five minutes. My back is in so much pain. It's unbelievable.
Matt Huss III: But if I'm forced to do it.
Matt Huss III: It's like exercising. It's like my it's I'm getting at least some exercise.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, rather than sitting, you know, in front of a computer or book.
Matt Huss III: So I. It does. It does a lot of good for my mental state. Good, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you ever had your back checked out.
Matt Huss III: Um, no. Not yet. Um, when I was in, you know, remember when you're when you're a kid in my middle school or something or high school. I don't remember was and they check you for scoliosis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Well, they told me my spine was fine until it got to the very bottom. It goes like this and then like it makes a little s at the very bottom. So they said it wasn't much to work. It wasn't really anything to worry about flood. I think because of how badly. I've treated my body.
Matt Huss III: My whole life. I'm that now it's become an issue.
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, that's one of my things on my to do list.
Matt Huss III: Which has become fairly long what but I haven't been able to do any of it because of the house.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It would be easier for you to haven't checked out there or to wait till you got to Florida and
Matt Huss III: It'd be better here the Medicaid is like 1000 times better here. It covers so much more. And like, like the Medicaid in Florida does not cover therapy.
Matt Huss III: Like it does here. It doesn't cover dental like it does here so much stuff.
Matt Huss III: So much better here. So I've been trying to get to the
Matt Huss III: The health department at you and. Mm.
Hmm.
Matt Huss III: To get checked out to get you know this. Get a primary care doctor and you get it checked out, but
Matt Huss III: I mean, it's
Matt Huss III: He won't let me. He won't stay at you and me an extra hour to because we got to get home and do the house, so it's
Matt Huss III: You know, but I'm, I'm hoping tomorrow I'll be able to stay a little late after class. Even if I take the bus again. That's what I'll do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, just to get checked out. I mean, if you've got that great a medical right now and you're not going to have it when you hit to Florida.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I want to be able to have some kind of diagnosis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of issues in your back. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. You know what that what's going on. And when you get to Florida, whatever doctor that you get in Florida will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He'll. He'll he won't have to go through all the testing and all that stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Matt Huss III: Um, yeah, I was kind of ignoring it thinking maybe it was just a recovery thing you know that you know my muscles in my body are just kind of
Matt Huss III: You know, recovering rebuilding itself.
Matt Huss III: But the pain is so bad. And it and I get it from the like.
Matt Huss III: Bending over two or three times, literally, and I've and there's like a knife in my back. So
Matt Huss III: I've decided recently to get it checked some
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get a checking try to you know get that piece under your belt before you make your move.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And right you know nowadays you know they don't give pain meds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They get, you know, that is alternative stuff that they do.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I couldn't accept
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I couldn't go to one of those pain management places that would destroy my
Matt Huss III: Well, I mean,
Matt Huss III: My addiction says, yeah, go to one of those places. So you're prescribed the, you know, an opiate the rest of your life, you know, but I don't you know I don't like the person I am, even if I have access to them legally and, you know, for free. The rest of my life. It's still changes my personality.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure. And they don't do payments anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They do alternative things even pain management Center's pain management doctors
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and I know here in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: California, that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not even an option that's not even considered it's about finding
Matt Huss III: California is very progressive and good state delivered and you know out here. It's flooded with
Matt Huss III: It's actually math nowadays, everybody's everybody's hooked on methamphetamines
Matt Huss III: But anyways,
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, it's bad in Florida to. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long do you have
Matt Huss III: A I don't keep track
Matt Huss III: But it's eight months to a year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's probably and you're on how many milligrams of Suboxone are you want
Matt Huss III: Each one is for
Matt Huss III: 8080 so
Matt Huss III: God
Matt Huss III: Can do math right now.
Matt Huss III: Then
Matt Huss III: Okay three, three films a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And the reason why I asked is, because it's definitely a medication that they use for pain management, too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, it just, I'm curious.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you
Matt Huss III: Not held my back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, if you're still having you know that much issue. So, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. What it would
Be like without them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I encourage you to get it checked out and see what's going on, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do the best that he can to try to make it happen before you leave. So you're covered
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you don't have to worry about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. I would
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then what are you going to do about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting connected with this box and Dr. In and
Matt Huss III: I, I was, I was hoping to just
Matt Huss III: Stay with this program. Um, and
Matt Huss III: I know the doctor that I have now.
Matt Huss III: I know he he is not able to prescribe in Florida, but he did say to check with the
Matt Huss III: Admissions the administrative people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: To see if it's possible, but I don't know if it is because I remember when I was the first time I was on Suboxone
Matt Huss III: I was not made to do therapy or groups, I would just go to a doctor's office, he would prescribe me a month's worth of Suboxone and then that's it. I would just see him once a month and get my Suboxone
Matt Huss III: Yeah, so I hope it's not like that. Still, but
Matt Huss III: You know, if it is, then I'll just have to find hope maybe maybe me and you can continue. Can you, are you able to
Matt Huss III: Do therapy with people in Florida.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I actually am I am certified in California and Washington and an Oregon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are the States that I'm certified in I was trying to go and see an impulse if let me look really fast and see if I can see where we're at with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Contracts as far as that goes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I found a place that I can look
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For the states to see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know they're working diligently on getting us certified in several different states. So, yeah.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I'm surprised they haven't done it for every state this this program is awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, we're in the process, we don't have it yet.
Matt Huss III: For Florida.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but it's definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the works.
Matt Huss III: And do you have any idea of what that means. As far as a timeframe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't, I don't know how long they've been in the process of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It looks like they, you know, have actually got 1234 different insurance companies that they're working with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, right now with the state. So I'm hoping that it doesn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: take too long. But just remember, you know, you want to make sure that you have that in place when you get there. So you want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Find somebody
Matt Huss III: That's, that's, yeah, that's the issue. I'm
Matt Huss III: I was worried about that. If you guys weren't able to see me in Florida that
Matt Huss III: You know, because you only prescribe they only prescribed me a week's worth of
Matt Huss III: Medication that you know that doesn't. And it's hard to see. I don't know how long it's going to take to first to see a doctor Suboxone doctor
Matt Huss III: For the first time,
Matt Huss III: And that stride, the medication because I know most
Matt Huss III: Of the program. I was in before you guys
Matt Huss III: They had to see me like
Matt Huss III: Two or three times before they would actually give me Suboxone so I was a wreck. By the time I finally got it, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You go, you're moving to Jacksonville.
Matt Huss III: Right, just south of Jacksonville St. Augustine. Okay. Well, the whatever apartment we get might be in like
Matt Huss III: Southern Jacksonville. So, but
Matt Huss III: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know right now.
Matt Huss III: Right away, it's going to be St. Augustine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, well, there's Suboxone clinics down there so
Matt Huss III: Oh, there's clinics now.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, because there wasn't. When I first was when I was on it years ago it was just, it was just a doctor and I had to go see
Matt Huss III: Okay, so that's good.
Matt Huss III: The problem is I really hope the Medicaid covers it down there.
Matt Huss III: Because I remember it being very expensive. When I was on it.
Matt Huss III: Back then, it was, it was so expensive to buy the because it was before generics came out.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, um,
Matt Huss III: And it was crazy expensive to buy a month's worth of Suboxone yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm hoping you know that you're right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Come on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See, go back
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's one in Jacksonville.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's one in Orlando.
Matt Huss III: Was too far.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: North Florida.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Matt Huss III: Now, it would have to be like Jacksonville.
Matt Huss III: Because they're good. If it's a clinic, they're going to make me come in probably once or twice a week. Well, I'm going to want to go at least once a week to see a therapist if they don't make me. I'm going to go once a week. So it has to be, you know, plaque a
Matt Huss III: Jacksonville, or, you know,
Matt Huss III: A palm coast south. I'm thinking, you know, north, south, that's as far as I would be able to go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: North I've tried to look this one.
Matt Huss III: Jacksonville's gotta have one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Jacksonville does have one
Matt Huss III: I got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just, I got a look. I have to download an Adobe player or something in order to open it. But Jacksonville Suboxone Dr. Jackson bills doctor Suboxone dr.com
Matt Huss III: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it wants me to update my latest
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Player or something. Yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay. Um, but check into it and see, you know, but try to get that is set in place before
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, before you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do the move, so that you're not
Matt Huss III: Plan on it.
Matt Huss III: Does yeah yeah if I if I don't have it. The first thing I'm going to do is try to is relapse. The ad just out of pure sickness, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure, yeah.
Matt Huss III: Hopefully I don't you know but
Matt Huss III: Yeah, depending on how organ is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When and talk to your doctor that's prescribing for you with through us about giving you enough to last for a couple weeks or a month.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was
Matt Huss III: I was planning on doing that too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good that we keep yourself secure and safe down there. Yeah, no.
Matt Huss III: That's what I was, I was hoping he'd give me a month at least
Matt Huss III: To just to be sure to make sure that I, you know, get in to see a doctor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, if you call ahead of time and ask them what the wait time is to get in to see the doctor.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, that yeah that's I'll do that too. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And get an appointment.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, you said, think for a minute before I even leave. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. Couple months ahead of time. And that way, it's in place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then the doctor, you know, when you tell the doctor that I've already got an appointment, but it's not until
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Then he knows that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you're trying to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Transfer services and progress and stay sober.
Matt Huss III: That's true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely something to think about. Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Definitely, I will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you think everything's going with your with school
Matt Huss III: I'm not as well as I would like it to be, because I'm so used to it being so easy.
Matt Huss III: And getting just straight A's without even trying that. Now all of a sudden, I'm in classes that are meant for grad students basically
Matt Huss III: Mm hmm. I'm in like 500 classes, instead of 200 classes.
Matt Huss III: And it's, yeah, it's, it's difficult for me to accept the fact that I'm not
Matt Huss III: I might not get straight A's.
Matt Huss III: The first time ever, you know, and that might be, you know, arrogant or egotistical or my ego, you know, but still it's
Matt Huss III: It's gonna be tough to deal with that. Um, and, and the fact that there's so much work that I don't have the time that I usually do to put into each paper or project. So none of them come out as good as I'm, I'm a real perfectionist when it comes to anything that I right
Matt Huss III: Yeah, so when I have to hand something in that I'm not happy with. It's just it drives me crazy.
Matt Huss III: It really yeah really gets to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, getting to the point where you realize that these get degrees.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Yeah.
Matt Huss III: When you're applying for a job.
Matt Huss III: He say say you have masters and you're applying for a
Matt Huss III: Teaching job at us. You can't teach at a university but with a master's I think you can teach it like community colleges state colleges or even or even at a high school
Matt Huss III: They just look at the fact that you have a degree, not your grades or GPA, do they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think that they do. I just think that it's certain like credentialing agencies want in an open transcript and even a transcript just gives them the grades, the classes you know how many units you got out of each class and the grades in the class.
Matt Huss III: I want, hopefully. Hopefully it doesn't show how many times I've withdrawn.
Matt Huss III: drop out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It actually doesn't. I don't transcript doesn't show any of that. It just shows the classes that you completed the amount of credits you got for the classes and good grades.
Matt Huss III: That they're going to be like, why did it take you 15 different schools to get
Matt Huss III: Degree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I just wasn't happy until I found the right one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really it, you know, you do have to kind of go through a few until you find the one that you feel the most comfortable in. And the, the, you know, get into the pace of the work. So you're alone.
Matt Huss III: You and m is actually the perfect school for me for what I want to do, because every other university in the country. They all
Matt Huss III: Focus on analytical philosophy and which is American philosophy, basically, but I hate American philosophy analytic philosophy I
Matt Huss III: Am way more educated in and
Matt Huss III: Read, read,
Matt Huss III: Well, read
Matt Huss III: I guess is the word in European continental philosophy and
Matt Huss III: when m is actually the only university basically in the country that
Matt Huss III: Focuses on continental and European philosophy, instead of American analytical philosophy. So, um, that's one
Matt Huss III: Thing that I'm not
Matt Huss III: Happy about moving but
Matt Huss III: We'll see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How much longer do you got before you graduate.
Matt Huss III: A while I got like
Matt Huss III: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now you froze.
Matt Huss III: There.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, I'm here.
Matt Huss III: Okay. Yeah, you were frozen. I thought maybe it was you.
Matt Huss III: Okay, let me try.
Matt Huss III: Okay, is that okay um
Matt Huss III: What else
Matt Huss III: You did you ask me something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Before I said, How much longer do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have
Oh, yeah.
Matt Huss III: I got about a year from my bachelor's and my master's is going to take another you know
Matt Huss III: Two or three years and my PhD will take two to four years, you know, depending on and that's like if I do everything that's like, if I take five courses a semester.
Matt Huss III: And
Matt Huss III: Do everything perfectly which won't happen you know so and I'm actually a double major because literally somebody has to die to become you know to get a philosophy teaching job.
Matt Huss III: So double majoring in literature English as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you need
Matt Huss III: I to keep my career options open. Like if I can't find a philosophy teaching job.
Matt Huss III: I could find English or literature teaching job and worst case scenario I can teach English at a high school until something opens up, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but
Matt Huss III: That's still yeah yeah with everything I have in my life. I can only take three classes at a time, Max.
Matt Huss III: So you know that every degree is going to take twice as long as it should.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can't you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do it online.
Matt Huss III: I yes but
Matt Huss III: Um,
Matt Huss III: I think I tried once one time and I withdrew like right away and I just I just know I am not disciplined enough
Matt Huss III: For I procrastinate too much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Matt Huss III: For an online course.
Matt Huss III: And I, and I enjoy
Matt Huss III: And I would go nuts. If I was in the house 24 seven, you know, the school gives me a reason to
Matt Huss III: Get out and
Matt Huss III: You know,
Matt Huss III: So I really enjoy classes, you know, and the lectures and being able to ask questions and just and discussions, a lot of philosophy courses.
Matt Huss III: At the higher levels are much more discussion.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, me.
Matt Huss III: The students, then they are like the lower level classes which are just lecture.
Matt Huss III: So yeah, so I don't want to do the online thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah definitely takes a lot of self discipline as
Matt Huss III: Yeah yeah and I and which I yeah I don't have
Matt Huss III: It's gotten better since I've been getting it is getting better.
Matt Huss III: The longer I'm clean, the better it gets. But
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I still wouldn't trust myself with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, um, it's not for everybody. Not everybody can do it because it is tough. And you do have to be very disciplined.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely and procrastination does not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work it just does not work. It just adds another level of stress. That is just not okay you know
Matt Huss III: Oh, this is actually pretty funny. One of my courses this year. It's like the only course I've ever had to deal with this before actually uses
Matt Huss III: Something called you and M learn
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is
Matt Huss III: Like where you submit your papers online.
Matt Huss III: And you're all your notes are online and stuff like that and
Matt Huss III: I submitted just a picture for her one of my essays instead of actual essay
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: He came to me. He's like,
Matt Huss III: Why
Matt Huss III: So I
Matt Huss III: Deal with that.
Matt Huss III: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they don't want pictures. They want the actual paper.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Upload it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, get it in there.
Matt Huss III: That won't change it. Once I submitted it, and I floated it
Matt Huss III: It wouldn't let me think so.
Matt Huss III: Look ended up getting a picture.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What did you do, did you wind up hand delivering it into him or
Matt Huss III: Um no I am he. Let me email it in
Matt Huss III: To him so
Matt Huss III: You know, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's funny. Yeah, yeah, definitely the picture would mark.
Matt Huss III: It was a dumb picture to we're probably would have liked to see their face.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my cup.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what your plans are for this coming week
Matt Huss III: Oh for spring break.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, break
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Free for self care.
Matt Huss III: I'm
Matt Huss III: The same as the last two weeks, I guess I'm still got a lot of work to do in the house and
Matt Huss III: I have
Matt Huss III: To
Matt Huss III: Two of my three courses.
Matt Huss III: Have made a huge essay do like right when the day. Do the day classes start after spring break.
Matt Huss III: Break doing yet to really big essays for two different courses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Matt Huss III: Top of the all the house. So yeah, basically the same you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: School work getting the house together. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Are you planning on going on any more dates.
Matt Huss III: This I talked to this one girl and she said maybe Saturday.
Matt Huss III: So we'll see if she sticks with that.
Matt Huss III: But she's like
Matt Huss III: It's very strange like. She'll. She'll disappear, but then all of a sudden text me. I don't know what her after like only though, so we'll see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think it's pretty. I think it's good that you're, you know, getting out and you're dating. You know what I mean I'm putting yourself out there a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that that you need that. You know what I mean. You need those things, those connections and so despite being nervous and hit your anxiety being raised, you're still doing, you know what I mean, you're still doing it, which is awesome. I just want to tell you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, because you got a life to live, you know, outside of your addiction outside of recovery. You know what I mean, you've got outside of school. You know what I mean, you've got all these things that
Matt Huss III: You know, so I feel like, Yeah, I feel like I'm in my own little prison, you know, without bars.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: You know, it's like school home and you know therapy and group and pharmacy and you know that's you know my desk, my, my desk. My work desk.
Matt Huss III: School for just for classes, not for any other reason.
Matt Huss III: And then
Matt Huss III: I I lay down in bed like my whole life. I've always laid down in bed like an hour or so before going to bed to watch TV or better. Relax. Sure.
Matt Huss III: Since I've gotten clean
Matt Huss III: Um, I basically fall asleep. As soon as I hit the pillow. So I don't do that even anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you think about it, you know, your life is really busy right now you're very active and your body. The minute he hits the bed is like no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're done. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. So you're going to possibly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go out on another date, you're going to continue the the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: getting the house ready and you're going to do two papers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: By the end of spring break.
Matt Huss III: Oh, and I tried
Matt Huss III: I'm eating today, like in the middle of the day.
Matt Huss III: And again I as soon as and it was very there was no carbs.
Matt Huss III: And like literally five minutes after five minutes after I hated I like didn't want to do anything. I was done for what
Matt Huss III: It was ice cream.
Matt Huss III: Yeah so wasn't healthy, but still, um,
Matt Huss III: It's, it's crazy i every time I eat something, it's I cannot do anything afterwards.
Try
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Fruits and vegetables.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, try blueberries are really good. They have a lot of antioxidants in it, strawberries, grapes, you know,
Matt Huss III: Yeah yeah he creates a lot. I love strawberries and peaches and watermelon and
Matt Huss III: Blueberries. But no matter where you are, they're so expensive and New Mexico. The fruit is terrible.
Matt Huss III: Is it out here in here. Yeah, out here in New Mexico. It is also bad
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about like a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like a shake or a not shake. But like a protein shake or
Matt Huss III: Drop down
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I've tried those and they work really well. But again, they're just way too expensive because my food stamps won't cover them.
Matt Huss III: My food stamps covers the fruit but
Matt Huss III: It's gone in a week, you know, and
Matt Huss III: They don't cover the shakes and the shakes are like five, six bucks apiece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about if you got like
Matt Huss III: It's, it's, like it's they wonder why America has an obesity problem and it's because it's you know it's expensive to eat healthy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Healthy. Yeah, it really, really, it is. You're right. And I know it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But there's frozen fruit too.
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can buy a bag of frozen fruit mix frozen fruit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And put it pop it in your blender.
Matt Huss III: Yeah. Oh, that's, that's an idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And make your own make your own. You know what I mean. And that way, you're still getting the the nutrition.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's not costing you an arm and a leg your food stamps will buy it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But next time you go to the grocery store look in the. Now I know that I can buy it here. I don't know about New Mexico. I'm sure that you can but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Look and see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If it's something that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know I'm available like they'll have frozen. Blueberries and strawberries mixed berries big
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Mixed together.
Matt Huss III: Do you
Matt Huss III: Like do you add milk in it or anything or
Matt Huss III: Do you just put the food in and mix it up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Either or you can actually make like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ice cream like that, by the way, by mixing it up in the blender and then putting it back in the freezer. Then you got yourself fried ice cream and it's totally healthy. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But with to drink a shake. You want to put maybe a little bit of milk in there to kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can own
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A little bit of water. I'm sure a little bit of milk would taste better, a little bit of water would be okay to
Matt Huss III: I'm sorry to ask you, I can look this up and figure it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, it's okay, it's alright. Because you want to do things healthy that are within your budget. Right. And that's the hard part. It is, it is very expensive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To try to eat healthy. It just is. I don't know why it's easier to go through the Taco Bell and get $1 taco than what it is to, you know, go get an orange or
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I mean,
Matt Huss III: I've been eating waffles and cereal, you know, and
Matt Huss III: Yeah, just because I can't afford anything else but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just check into it, check and see if it's something that it's doable for you. If it's not, then we'll evaluate it. And another way. But, you know, you want to just try to get some of that some healthy into and how are you drinking water.
Matt Huss III: I'm not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's another piece of it to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, the more water. Water you put in your body. The more you know we're made of water so
Matt Huss III: And I, and it would get rid of these headaches and I'm constantly getting too because of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You drink lots of caffeine.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, oh yeah, very, very, yeah. Lot of caffeine.
Matt Huss III: I mean, so the five hours on top of soda. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you got to give your body and they take away the moisture. Right.
Matt Huss III: Oh, it does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you want to do is, yeah.
Matt Huss III: Because it's weird because
Matt Huss III: Caffeine actually helps my headaches.
Matt Huss III: Like when I went to the hospital for a migraine. It was so bad, one time and all they did was hooked me up to a
Matt Huss III: What do they call they put a needle in my arm and hook me up to a bag of
Matt Huss III: Caffeine basically it was just the water and caffeine in my head had a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: major headache. Go away. And that's part of the cycle of caffeine is like the more that you drink it. You start drinking it on daily basis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then your body needs it.
Matt Huss III: Oh yeah, I'm totally addicted to caffeine, that's for sure.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you replace one one soda with a bottle of water and the next week, replace two cans of soda with a bottle of water. You know what I mean. But just like slowly wean yourself down a little bit. You copy is fine in moderation, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely I learned that the hard way with Red Bull.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, without
Matt Huss III: If I, if I don't have
Matt Huss III: enough caffeine. Um, yeah, it'll give me within a within if I don't have enough caffeine within a certain amount of time, I'll get a headache, no matter what. Yeah, the total addiction to it.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I got it kind of weighing yourself down a little bit, add more water.
Matt Huss III: You know, and I mean a little bit at a time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that should help with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's how I personally quit drink. I don't drink soda anymore. I used to. I used to be a Dr. Pepper. Fool, fool.
Matt Huss III: I, you know,
Matt Huss III: I stopped for a long time, actually, and
Matt Huss III: I'm, um,
Matt Huss III: And I and and I had one soda. I couldn't, I couldn't go anymore. I needed one and it tastes.
Matt Huss III: So good. That was it.
Matt Huss III: That
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's exactly what happened. And yeah, try to add some water into your diet to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Help, help as well help alleviate those headaches, a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So next week I'm going to hear because you're going to be here next week. Right.
Matt Huss III: Mm hmm. Definitely. I'm not gonna that's not gonna happen again. I, I hope you know I can't say I promise, because you know. But yeah, no.
Matt Huss III: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So next Thursday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Four o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. Right.
Well,
Matt Huss III: Your time four o'clock. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Five o'clock, your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Time. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I get all screwed up on that our change. You would think that since we had that the daylight savings thing we would we would be on the same time now, but doesn't work that way.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I don't think it works that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Crazy. All right, Matthew, you have a great week, and I will see you next week.
Matt Huss III: You too. I'll see you then. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Have a great week. Okay.